Clarifyinh PostHog doesn't cover roaming costs. (#10694)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/spending-money.md

- We all travel economy by default- we cannot afford for folks to fly premium or business class. Feel free to upgrade using your personal money/airmiles if you’d like to. If you are particularly tall and struggle to fit into an economy seat, PostHog will cover the cost of an emergency exit seat. 
- Be sensible when considering the value of your time, and avoid over-optimizing for cost. It is probably not worth saving $100 to take a non-direct flight that takes you 5hrs extra. Similarly, it doesn’t make sense to save $50 by taking a flight that leaves at 6am, only to have to expense a taxi to get to the airport.
- Related to the above, consider signing up for programs like Global Entry if you are regularly travelling to countries that offer it- these can pay for themselves in one trip with the amount of time saved, particularly when travelling to the US. PostHog will cover costs here.

> - When travelling internationally, PostHog does not cover roaming charges for your phone. You can expense a reasonable e-sim which usually is no more than $20. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When travelling internationally, PostHog does not cover roaming charges for your phone. You can expense a reasonable eSIM, which usually is no more than $20. 
```
